Add new page Calibration type 10 details (#354)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/robot_calibration_types/amo_encoder_joint_calibration_10_details.md

# Calibration type 10 details - AMO Encoder Joint Calibration

> This page shows how the calibration procedure used for `iCub 3/ergoCub` joints that mount an AMO encoder at the joint works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section illustrates the details of the calibration procedure used for the `iCub 3/ergoCub` joints that mount an AMO encoder at the slow shaft.
```

As already detailed in the [`calibration-10-procedure`](./standard_calibration_types.md/#calibration-10) joints provided with the `AMO` encoder are currently calibrated so that it can be handled as an incremental encoder coupled with a quadrature encoder placed at the motor.

## Calibration workflow

Complete pipeline for the `calibration type 10` using `AMO encoder` at joint and `quadrature encoder` at motor.
<p align="center">
    <img  src="../img/calibration-amo-abs-enc.png" width="700">
</p>

> As you can see in the above-reported state machine, after the calibration command is received by the EMS, a timer of 30 seconds gets triggered; afterward, we want untile the motor encoder calibration ends; finally, the calibration procedure 10 commences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the above-reported state machine, after the calibration command is received by the EMS, a timer of 30 seconds gets triggered; afterward, we wait until the motor encoder calibration ends; finally, the calibration procedure 10 commences.
```
